docs: fix wording in docs (#8466)
vega/vega-lite: site/docs/mark/tick.md

### Dot Plot

For example, the following dot plot uses tick marks to show the distribution of rainfall over time.

<span class="vl-example" data-name="tick_dot"></span>

### Strip Plot

<!-- TODO: better explain this -->

> The following strip-plot use `tick` mark to show the distribution of each car’s Horsepower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following strip-plot use `tick` mark to show the distribution of each car's Horsepower.
```

> The following strip-plot use `tick` mark to show the distribution of each car's Horsepower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following strip-plot use `tick` mark to show the distribution of horsepower.
```
